Documentation, examples and contribution guides (#8)
opendatasoft/ods-dataviz-sdk: packages/api-client/README.md

## Get started

Here is a quick example to get you started:

```javascript
import { ApiClient, fromCatalog } from '@opendatasoft/api-client';

// Here we initialize the Client by indicating the domain to request.
const client = new ApiClient({ domain: "public" });

const query = fromCatalog() // From the domain catalog
    .dataset("worldcitiespop") // ... we'll use the dataset "worldcitiespop"
    .aggregates() // ... in order to make an aggregation.

>     .where("country:'fr'") // Filtering records where country === "fr".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .where("country:'fr'") // Filter records where country === "fr".
```

>     .groupBy("city, population") // Selecting the fields "city" and "population".

Reviewer: I suggest that we change the verb from to use the same one everywhere.
```suggestion
    .groupBy("city, population") // Select the fields "city" and "population".
```

>     .orderBy("-population") // Sorted by the most populated cities.

Reviewer: I think it's clearer to mention asc/desc order where relevant. I changed the verb from "Sorted" to "Sort" to use the same verb form everywhere.
```suggestion
    .orderBy("-population") // Sort by population in descending order.
```

The client also include a query builder.

Start with one the entry point:

> - `fromCatalog()`: query the domain catalog

Reviewer: I think the operation is the same for all entry points. So, we must use the same verb. Let's use "access".
